add docs for external Enterprise plugins (#29738)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog.mdx

- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name for this plugin. The name
  is what is used to look up plugins in the catalog. This is part of the request

>   URL. If the plugin is Enterprise, the value must match the plugin name on the
>   [releases](https://releases.hashicorp.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  URL. Enterprise plugin names must match the name listed on the [HashiCorp releases page](https://releases.hashicorp.com/)
```
Style correction: write in active voice, use meaningful anchor text

- `version` `(string: "")` - Specifies the semantic version of the plugin. Used as the tag
  when specifying `oci_image`, but with any leading 'v' trimmed.

> - `sha256` `(string: <required>)` – This is the SHA256 sum of the Community plugin's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sha256` `(string: <required>)` – The SHA256 sum of a Community plugin
```
Style correction: avoid "this", avoid possessives.

  binary or the OCI image. Before a plugin is run, its SHA will be checked against this value.

>   If they do not match the plugin can not be run. If the plugin is Enterprise, the value is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the actual SHA of the plugin binary and the SHA provided in `sha256` do not match, Vault will not run the plugin. The `sha256` parameter is only required for Community plugins. Enterprise plugins do not require SHA confirmation.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this"

- `command` `(string: <required>)` - Specifies the command used to execute the
  plugin. This is relative to the plugin directory. e.g. `"myplugin"`, or if `oci_image`
  is also specified, it is relative to the image's working directory.

>   If the plugin is Enterprise, the value is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `command` parameter is only required for Community plugins as
  the run command is known for Enterprise plugins.
```
